website: improve record validation doc (#165)
AdRoll/baker: content/en/docs/Core concepts/_index.md

* [create an Output component](/docs/how-tos/create_output/)
* [create an Upload component](/docs/how-tos/create_upload/)

> Moreover, Baker supports Records validation, which is executed right before Records are 
> injected in the Baker processing pipeline. The validation function could be configured 
> through the TOML or the code (see [Pipeline configuration](/docs/how-tos/pipeline_configuration/) 
> and [Validation in baker.Components](/docs/how-tos/baker_components/#validate)).
> 

Reviewer: Moreover seems a bit formal to me, _in addition_ seems more suited to some technical documentation. Let me give you a suggestion for the sentence: 
```suggestion
In addition, Baker can validate records right after they're fetched by the input component. Records 
that don't pass validation are discarded before even entering the pipeline. You can configure Record
validation in your topology TOML file (link) or via Go function when you compile Baker (link).
```
